Fix mulx (#531)
jasmin-lang/jasmin: CHANGELOG.md

- Notation for string literals; there is no implicit zero terminator;
  ([PR #517](https://github.com/jasmin-lang/jasmin/pull/517)).

> - Add the instruction MULX_hi,
>      hi = #MULX(x, y); is equivalent to (hi, _) = #MULX(x, y);
>   but the compiler do not needs an extra register for the "_".
> 	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the instruction `MULX_hi`,
     `hi = #MULX(x, y);` is equivalent to `hi, _ = #MULX(x, y);`
  but no extra register is used for the low half of the result.
	
```

## Bug fixes

> - Fix semantics of the `MULX` instructions
>   ([PR #531](https://github.com/jasmin-lang/jasmin/pull/531);
>   fixes [#525](https://github.com/jasmin-lang/jasmin/issues/525).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Fix semantics of the `MULX` instructions
  ([PR #531](https://github.com/jasmin-lang/jasmin/pull/531);
  fixes [#525](https://github.com/jasmin-lang/jasmin/issues/525)).
```
